Skip to main content
Deliver to
Vietnam
All

All Departments
English
Hello, sign in
Account & Lists
Returns
& Orders
0
Cart
Sign in
New customer? Start here.
All
Today's Deals
Customer Service
Registry
Gift Cards
Sell
Disability Customer Support
Amazon Basics Classic Puresoft Padded Mid-Back Office Computer Desk...›Customer reviews
Customer reviews
4.2 out of 5 stars
4.2 out of 5
24,436 global ratings
5 star 	
 62%
4 star 	
 19%
3 star 	
 9%
2 star 	
 4%
1 star 	
 7%
Amazon Basics Classic Puresoft Padded Mid-Back Office Computer Desk Chair with Armrest - Cream
Amazon Basics Classic Puresoft Padded Mid-Back Office Computer Desk Chair with Armrest - Cream
byAmazon Basics
Color: CreamChange
Write a review
How customer reviews and ratings work
See All Buying Options
Top positive review
All positive reviews›
	Jordan Wood
5.0 out of 5 starsWorth the money
Reviewed in the United States on July 23, 2020
I'm a small framed woman, originally I was a little worried to assemble this, but it was no problem at all for me.
All the parts needed for assembly were in the back of the chair, and the instructions were easy to understand.

Once put together, first thing I took note was how supportive and comfortable this chair is.. I have to work 9+ hours from home every day, so having a supportive comfortable chair is a must need for me.
I would recommend this chair.
Read more
300 people found this helpful
Top critical review
All critical reviews›
	Idk
1.0 out of 5 starsGood if you only need a chair for a month
Reviewed in the United States on May 14, 2020
The fabric/pleather on this chair has torn after a month of daily use. It was super comfortable, relatively easy to assemble, and I really enjoyed it for the time it was functioning. I would like to return the product but can’t ship it, especially with the pandemic. I never write reviews but this purchase ended up being a bummer. Give me my money back without a return Mr. Bezos, or send me a new chair.
863 people found this helpful
Search customer reviews
Search
SORT BY

Top reviews
Top reviews
FILTER BY

All reviewers
All reviewers

All stars
All stars

All formats
All formats

Text, image, video
Text, image, video
24,436 total ratings, 3,411 with reviews
From the United States
	Pamela P
4.0 out of 5 stars Chair is great but definitely made for people over 5'6" tall
Reviewed in the United States on September 2, 2022
Color: BlackVerified Purchase
The chair is comfortable, sturdy and moves around easily. I can't really speak about how difficult it is to assemble because I had someone do that for me, and he used power tools to do it. The chair rocks nicely as well if I get up on the tips of my toes to recline it, and that is where the only issue I have with this chair begins. I am 5'6" tall and weigh 232 pounds and at it's lowest setting, I can just put my feet flat on the floor. If the seat were even slightly raised, my heels would not touch the floor at all, making it extremely uncomfortable and not the greatest position for my back. The chair's seat is big and fits me well. The depth of the seat exactly measures the distance from my lower back/butt to the backs of my knees, and I do mean EXACTLY. It is merely because of the height of the seat at it's lowest setting that I did not give it 5 stars. My old chair dropped a few inches lower than this one and was the perfect height for me.
12 people found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	Dwayne Breeding
5.0 out of 5 stars I like the chair.
Reviewed in the United States on September 11, 2022
Color: CreamVerified Purchase
The chair came quickly (accurate and quick shipping), which was awesome because I use it nonstop. The packaging was compact and easy to handle; the parts were all exactly where they were supposed to be and even included the only tool necessary. It's comfortable to sit in and the armrests are exactly where I need them. (I stand 5'8" tall and I weigh roughly 215 lbs.) The pump under the chair to make it go up and down holds steady when you set it. The only two things I did not like were 1.) that it didn't have something to rest your feet on and 2.) it's white. Furniture that is white doesn't hold well for my environment due to the constant need for cleaning.
3 people found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	JimmyG
4.0 out of 5 stars At this low price there are faults
Reviewed in the United States on September 3, 2022
Color: CreamVerified Purchase
!st he lean back feature doesn't work (I still mess around with it, and if i get it working I correct this part but not worth the hassel to return it}. 2nd dry fit all the screws prior to assemble, I found problems orginally but after dry fitting I was able to see the problems with junk stuck in the female portions. Once cleared it went together fairly easy. The overall comfort is nice and it seems very sturdy (good thing I'm 6' and weigh 250#) Overall I'm glad I opted out for the Amazon Brand and saved at least $100 over other options.
5 people found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	Laney Marciano
5.0 out of 5 stars Great for more petite people.
Reviewed in the United States on September 22, 2022
Color: BlackVerified Purchase
I am relatively small (5'1) and I wanted a chair for my office. Obviously I wasn't looking to spend a large amount of money. I am extremely pleased with this chair. It is smaller than average, so it fits me perfectly. It swivels around well. I have a carpet in my office and it still moves around well on the floor without a plastic mat. It also features a supportive back. I would definitely recommend, but as I have even read in reviews, it is probably better for more petite people.
One person found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	StephenHaze
4.0 out of 5 stars If you need an office chair on a budget. It works.
Reviewed in the United States on June 25, 2022
Color: BrownVerified Purchase
I've been using mine for a week. I was hoping to love it. I was sitting on a metal folding chair previously so it's definitely a huge upgrade. This was the cheapest office chair I could find. After going to Office Depot and testing out chairs I realized I didn't want a mesh chair like I'd thought before. However my favorite chair at office depot was only about $120. Since this one was $82 it's definitely cheaper, but I'm sitting on this thing every day so I should have just sprung for the one I really wanted. I also stuffed a pillow in the back of this Amazon Basics chair since the back is hollow and you only get that thin pad. I'm 5'6" 150lbs, and the cushion on the bottom doesn't support my weight. I can feel the hard surface of the board underneath the cushion. Overall I realize that you get what you pay for. I know this is a very very cheap chair, but I thought since it was Amazon's brand that I would be surprised by how much I got for my money. I wasn't lol. The good news is that it's a very sturdy chair. The legs are metal and I don't think this chair will break anytime soon. I could see the actual foundation of the chair lasting many years, but the leather and the cushions probably won't. I would recommend if you can afford something in the $120-$200 price range, go to your local store like Office Depot or anywhere that sells chairs like this and buy one in person. If you're on a really tight budget and want an office chair that isn't cheap and plastic that will probably break. This chair is for you. Overall I'm happy with the chair, I just wish I would've gotten the one I wanted for about $40 more. Live and Learn
Customer image
44 people found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	kyra
4.0 out of 5 stars cozy chair!!
Reviewed in the United States on August 4, 2022
Color: BlackVerified Purchase
Putting the chair together was a piece of cake! It came with all the correct items and tools needed to assemble the chair. ( though i am confused as to why the back of the seat is hollow? it doesn't make sense. it could of been fully padded. )
the weight limit does indeed say 275lbs, and naturally i weigh more than that, so it does hold higher weights! ( i assume the durability won't hold up as well.)
its comfortable, its easy to put together. the only thing i'd comment on are the arm rests. they're rather short, and if you have wide hips / big thighs, they will press against them. again, it isn't uncomfortable, but with those wanting a comfortable chair, it might make you uncomfortable.
thats it! idk. the price is a little too high for this chair and its quality, though. ( fake leather, plastic pieces, hollowed back-rest.)
9 people found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	Amazon Customer
4.0 out of 5 stars Good value for the money, but not as nice as I wish it were.
Reviewed in the United States on August 18, 2022
Color: BrownVerified Purchase
It took me about 30 minutes per chair to assemble these. The chairs look pretty nice and are fairly comfortable, even for several hours of continuous sitting. My 2 complaints would be that:
1) These chairs are too tall at their shortest setting. I'm 5' 9" (175cm) and my feet are only barely flat on the ground while barefoot. The seat is too tall for the arms to go under the desk that my old chair could.
2) The plastic covers for the support column and the base supports are poorly made and do not remain in place. Some superglue should fix this issue, but I have not gotten around to it yet.
4 people found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	Autumn R Raposa
4.0 out of 5 stars Wide seat
Reviewed in the United States on August 23, 2022
Color: CreamVerified Purchase
I was looking for a chair that was wide enough to be able to sit with 1 leg folded under, this does the job. The cream color is not too bad and the chair is comfortable enough for an 8 hour day. I ended up not putting the wheels on as my office has carpet and it has worked out well. The only odd thing is there is mesh on the back of the bottom cushion where you can see the seat foam but ultimately it doesn't really matter as no one will see it. Overall this chair is worth the price.
Customer imageCustomer imageCustomer image
6 people found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	kimberly
4.0 out of 5 stars defective product but overall is great
Reviewed in the United States on September 3, 2022
Color: CreamVerified Purchase
This little part has a broken corner. And this thing took me a little more than 1 hour to assemble. The position of the opening of some screws is not very precise and it is difficult to install. But once I finished assembling and sit on it. Feels worth it! Super cozy and comfortable!!! Will add on review if it broke in the future. But right now, feels amazing! One star for assembling, but overall it is nice and in budget!
Customer imageCustomer image
One person found this helpful
Helpful
Report abuse
	DarleneG
5.0 out of 5 stars Surprisingly Comfortable!
Reviewed in the United States on September 19, 2022
Color: BlackVerified Purchase
I didn't expect much from this chair given low price, but it is more comfortable than my expensive "ergonomic" chair, adjustable, and sturdy. It has extra padding and basic adjustability. It is supportive and comfortable. It was supposed to be my "extra" chair for remote office, but is my "go to" chair instead. Directions for assembly were clear and easy and no extra tools were needed.
Helpful
Report abuse
←Previous page
Next page→
Questions? Get fast answers from reviewers
What do you want to know about Amazon Basics Classic Puresoft Padded Mid-Back Office Computer Desk Chair with Armrest - Cream?
Ask
See all 219 answered questions
Need customer service? Click here
‹ See all details for Amazon Basics Classic Puresoft Padded Mid-Back Office Computer Desk...
Back to top
Get to Know Us
Careers
Blog
About Amazon
Investor Relations
Amazon Devices
Amazon Science
Make Money with Us
Sell products on Amazon
Sell on Amazon Business
Sell apps on Amazon
Become an Affiliate
Advertise Your Products
Self-Publish with Us
Host an Amazon Hub
›See More Make Money with Us
Amazon Payment Products
Amazon Business Card
Shop with Points
Reload Your Balance
Amazon Currency Converter
Let Us Help You
Amazon and COVID-19
Your Account
Your Orders
Shipping Rates & Policies
Returns & Replacements
Manage Your Content and Devices
Amazon Assistant
Help
 
English $USD - U.S. Dollar United States
Amazon Music
Stream millions
of songs		Amazon Advertising
Find, attract, and
engage customers		Amazon Drive
Cloud storage
from Amazon		6pm
Score deals
on fashion brands		AbeBooks
Books, art
& collectibles		ACX
Audiobook Publishing
Made Easy		Alexa
Actionable Analytics
for the Web
 
Sell on Amazon
Start a Selling Account		Amazon Business
Everything For
Your Business		AmazonGlobal
Ship Orders
Internationally		Home Services
Experienced Pros
Happiness Guarantee		Amazon Ignite
Sell your original
Digital Educational
Resources		Amazon Web Services
Scalable Cloud
Computing Services		Audible
Listen to Books & Original
Audio Performances
 
Book Depository
Books With Free
Delivery Worldwide		Box Office Mojo
Find Movie
Box Office Data		ComiXology
Thousands of
Digital Comics		DPReview
Digital
Photography		Fabric
Sewing, Quilting
& Knitting		Goodreads
Book reviews
& recommendations		IMDb
Movies, TV
& Celebrities
 
IMDbPro
Get Info Entertainment
Professionals Need		Kindle Direct Publishing
Indie Digital & Print Publishing
Made Easy		Prime Video Direct
Video Distribution
Made Easy		Shopbop
Designer
Fashion Brands		Woot!
Deals and
Shenanigans		Zappos
Shoes &
Clothing		Ring
Smart Home
Security Systems
 
 		eero WiFi
Stream 4K Video
in Every Room		Blink
Smart Security
for Every Home		Neighbors App
Real-Time Crime
& Safety Alerts		Amazon Subscription Boxes
Top subscription boxes – right to your door		PillPack
Pharmacy Simplified		 
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
Interest-Based Ads
© 1996-2022, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates


